c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc.dll.config
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc.pdb
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\obj\Debug\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\obj\Debug\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\obj\Debug\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc.pdb
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\wm.sqlsat.alt.entity.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\wm.sqlsat.alt.da.keyvalue.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\wm.sqlsat.alt.entity.pdb
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc.pdb
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\wm.sqlsat.alt.da.keyvalue.pdb
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\Microsoft.Azure.Documents.Client.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\wm.sqlsat.alt.da.documentdb.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\wm.sqlsat.alt.da.documentdb.pdb
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\wm.sqlsat.alt.da.rel.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\wm.sqlsat.alt.da.rel.pdb
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc.dll.config
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc.dll
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc.pdb
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\Microsoft.Azure.Documents.Client.dll
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\wm.sqlsat.alt.entity.dll
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc.dll
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\wm.sqlsat.alt.da.rel.dll
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\wm.sqlsat.alt.da.keyvalue.dll
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\wm.sqlsat.alt.da.documentdb.dll
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\wm.sqlsat.alt.entity.pdb
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc.pdb
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\wm.sqlsat.alt.da.rel.pdb
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\wm.sqlsat.alt.da.keyvalue.pdb
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\bin\wm.sqlsat.alt.da.documentdb.pdb
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\obj\Debug\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\obj\Debug\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc.dll
C:\Users\waltermontes\Downloads\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc\obj\Debug\wm.sqlsat.alt.ui_mvc.pdb
