c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc\bin\Release\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc.dll.config
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc\bin\Release\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc\bin\Release\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc.pdb
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc\bin\Release\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc\bin\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc\bin\Release\wm.sqlsat.alt.da.documentdb.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc\bin\Release\wm.sqlsat.alt.da.keyvalue.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc\bin\Release\wm.sqlsat.alt.da.rel.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc\bin\Release\wm.sqlsat.alt.entity.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc\bin\Release\Microsoft.Azure.Documents.Client.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc\bin\Release\wm.sqlsat.alt.da.documentdb.pdb
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc\bin\Release\wm.sqlsat.alt.da.keyvalue.pdb
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc\bin\Release\wm.sqlsat.alt.da.rel.pdb
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc\bin\Release\wm.sqlsat.alt.entity.pdb
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc\bin\Release\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc\bin\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc\obj\Release\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc\obj\Release\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc.dll
c:\users\walter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wm.sqlsat.alt\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc\obj\Release\wm.sqlsat.alt.svc.pdb
